Don't let me see you again
Let me go!
Since I sat at night
Have been under the eyes of others
Abuse and bullying
I'm not afraid of you
I thought you had a happy birthday
That's what hurts.
Sorry, I was wrong.
Why am I just a lowly woman to kill you?
I admit I'm cheap
you
What to love
Sorry, there have been too many changes recently.
Make me paranoid
I want to give you a responsible life
So
Before I got married with Lin Shuo and Sister Mei
He had to.
Ye Chen, don't worry.
I won't let Lin Shuang have anything to do now
Because I will send you down together.
Xiaomei go out
Does it have to be like this
This physical pain
It would make me feel more comfortable.